hey guys we're going to learn the hales
bells intro the you know the riff that
everybody recognizes from that and let's
go ahead and get started first off
you're going to play a power cord up
here in the seventh and ninth threats if
you don't know already a power cord is
basically this formation that you see
played a lot in rock and roll they look
the same you can move them up and down
but basically it's your first and third
finger for these two note power cords
and your first finger is going to go in
the seventh fret of the D string ok
seventh fret of the D string and your
third finger is going to go in the ninth
fret of the g string so we've got these
two notes
ready to go okay now our first note is
actually going to be oh wait I need to
mention this to your first finger is
going to also play double duty when
sometimes you're going to be lifting
your third finger your first fingers are
going to need to bar or flatten out
across the D and the g string but we'll
get to that in a second so your third
finger is going to be the ninth fret of
the g first finger and the seventh fret
of the D string now our first notes
actually going to be on the a string so
that's our first note okay our second
note is going to be this note the g
string and I fret
and then our third note is going to be
when our first finger is on 7th fret on
the D string okay so play those three
notes again okay then we're this is
where we're going to lift up our third
finger and now our first finger is
playing the g string and the 7th fret
okay so let's put those notes together
okay then we're going to keep coming
down to the D string and then the a
string again
okay let's play that slowly together
okay one more time
okay now we're going to just slide our
first finger back let me play this
actually we play this again so I met all
right then we're going to get where to
slide back to the fifth fret still
borrowing across a g-string and the D
string and we're going to play the g
string fifth fret then D string fifth
fret just remember this one's holding
both of those down so
and then we're going to come back up to
the 7th fret again
and play the g string and then play the
D string seventh fret 2 and then two
times on the a string or actually it's
just one time but we're going to the
second time is us actually starting over
so you do plug it two times in a row so
basically if that got a little
confusing follow along with me slowly a
string g string d back to G but you're
gonna lift up your third finger make it
fifth fret fifth fret on the D opened on
the a slide down I'm sorry that wasn't
fit that was seventh but we're going
back to the fifth fret now so fifth fret
on the G and fifth fret on the D and
then open on the a and back up to
seventh
on the G seventh on the D and open twice
on the a okay that was one time through
the second time through is pretty much
the same except the end changes a little
bit okay and you'll see if I play
through it twice you'll see the ending
change
right here we go so we changed that a
little bit so let's work on that second
ending okay so we just played this for
sure sorry
now we're on the second time through so
we're going to play this the same way
so
right there on that note is we're going
to switch to our second inning so we end
on the seventh fret of the g string and
go to the power cord on the 8th and the
10th frets here so third fingers playing
10th fret on the a first fingers playing
8th fret on the E string you're going to
strum that power cord from both notes at
the same time
then you're going to drop your first
finger but your third stays where it's
at okay and then you have to start over
because you go to an open a here and
start right back okay so let me go
through that whole thing a couple of
times but I'll go slowly and then a
couple of times faster okay so slowly
make sure you can see here okay
hopefully this view will help you a lot
you
and you start over okay a little faster
so you play along with it is this
okay and full speed
you
okay i hope that one helps you and you
have any questions you can email me at
feedback at mikes guitar lessons calm
and also don't forget to visit the
website wwm I excute are licensed com